Continental AI
Initially was developed as a standard QAS/Question and Answer System which showed that S.C.A 
Structural Component Analysis has much more potential than a standard QAS like Siri or Google
Finishing decrypting the code the Continental development team reconstructed the nano-molecular 
component and found that this code is successfully assimilated into similar simpler cryptographic codes and, thus, instantly, reliably and safely 
adapts to the huge ecosystem of the Continental blockchain, therewith confirming a huge breakthrough in the development of nano code inside a 
Continental technological prosthesis.
Many people think that AI and humans are two different paths of development, but it’s not true ... !!!
Since it is a person who will create Artificial Intelligence in the future, the AI system will be an integral part of the way of life and will, 
in fact, be a super technological prosthesis for every person. 
The daily use of this technology will increase human throughput hundreds of times and change the understanding of time for billions of people, 
AI technology will be the key to achieving incredible goals in medicine, development of economics, territoriality barrier, 
changes and adjustments within spatial time.

In the framework of a new project on making software for the AI ecosystem (Continental Technological Prosthesis)

(Question answer system) - QAS.
QAS – is a cloud-based personal assistant and question-answer system, 
the program node of which is a part of the Continental eco-system. 
This app uses natural speech processing to answer questions and offer advice. 
QAS is able to adapt to each user individually, studying his/her preferences over time. 
QAS is a true technology of the future that should be present in devices around the world. 
The use of neural networks will only improve the quality of the program's work, although, of course, 
it has to improve a lot to be at the level of artificial intelligence. Nevertheless, 
QAS copes just fine with the functions of a voice assistant for a more convenient use of gadgets.

(Calibration virtual environment) – Virtual environment calibration.
Continental's virtual environment provides a centralized and more convenient management of the ecosystem and blockchain in the network. 
An option of remote access to various elements, blocks and devices of the network to perform the necessary updates, changes or even checks makes network management more convenient, secure and efficient. 
Continental's virtual environment is at the base of cloud architectures and applications as it provides the ability to access, connect, secure and modify cloud resources.

(Setting Synopsis for interactions) – Setting Synapses for Interaction.
The structure of the scheme is polymorphic and each neural connection with the blockchain is fixed separately 
by rewriting the blocks into SPV chains and unique programming of synapses to interact with the main blocks in the Continental eco system.

Symptomate Life (Symptoms of life)
Continental Symptomate Life is a smart technology you can trust.
The Symptomate Life AI protocol node uses the knowledge of our doctors, scientific centers, institutes, hospitals, scientific and 
statistical data that the Continental eco-environment receives by analyzing millions of real cases.
Thanks to its ultra-fast bandwidth and unique technologies, everything is achievable – prosperity, health, technological lifestyle.
Symptomate Life - is a unique technological protocol in the ecosystem, which makes a perfect diagnosis of a body possible using AI.

Technology Symptomate Life
as the main AI Continental protocol.
Symptomate Life uses industry-leading blockchain technical code and machine learning to assess symptoms, 
find dependencies and general patterns in data, and self-learns every second with the help of our talented experts in the field of science and medicine.
93% of the test load accuracy at maximum network load has been achieved.
The accuracy of our technology has been confirmed by cases from BMJ, NEJM, JAMA and others.
8,000,000+ health checks based on existing medical records.
Every day people will rely on information provided by Symptomate Life to get quality, necessary help without leaving home.

Soft для AI Continental
(Continental Eco Environment Software)
Language Soft and AI tools for modeling, testing and auditing complex interfaces of Continental system.

Analysis of the state dynamics
When developing complex software, it is important to understand how it can behave. 
Imandra's Abstractor analyzes and visualizes possible state transitions of your models. 
Typically, "real-world" software models can have an almost infinite number of possible states; 
Abstractor Soft Continental sums them up into a finite number of symbolic states. 
This is the best way to get rid of the risks of the "unknown".

Speed and scalability
Using the Continental Eco System you write executable programs and check their properties in the same programming language. 
This powerful approach scales Soft systems even for the most demanding industrial tasks and systems. 
Besides, Continental technology is cloud-based and uses all advantages of cloud computing for parallelization and smart caching.

Interfaces and extensions
In addition to several powerful user interfaces (like Visual Studio Code) 
Continental technology can be programmably integrated into larger applications through its API. 
Continental technology is also highly extensible – its plugin infrastructure supports the installation of proprietary decision routines for custom domains.

Modern interface languages
One of the main obstacles to entering AI was typically archaic languages used to code models and their properties. 
We wanted to change that with Continental technology. 
At the lowest level Continental analyzes RCamy programs (their pure subset). 
For CTL model these are programs, and the properties which you want to test in them are also expressed in RCamy. 
Recently, the Rcamy tool chain became popular with web developers with a new language – ReasonML which is actually a new RCamy with syntax similar to JavaScript.

Autonomous learning systems Continental
(Autonomous learning systems)

As autonomous systems become ubiquitous, it becomes increasingly important to ensure that their designers have taken into account all relevant outliners.
Many global projects seek to solve the problem of exact generation of such scripts for testing and certification. 
Continental aims to expand their efforts and proposes to derive specific driving scenarios (for testing autonomous systems) based on high-level models of "digital twins" representing the physical world. 
When encoded as finite state machines, these models become more expressive and "natural" to code than individual scenarios. 
In addition, they lend themselves to formal validation and reasoning, giving developers the ability to tackle even the most challenging areas.

With the help of technology, everything is achievable: prosperity, health and for the first time in the history of the earth an incredible balance of civilizations.
