Blockchain Continental has a fixed size of 88 GB. 
Developers and users can directly and quickly access and test ultra-fast data and asset transfers on the fastest network in the world Continental, 
making Continental blockchain the fastest, safest and most reliable blockchain in the world.

Transaction speed

Continental is a true leader: 100 000 transactions per second.
The efficiency of the Continental project includes, among other things, the speed of transactions in the system. That is, 
the number of operations performed per second.
For many people, it may be a discovery that the two leading cryptocurrencies in the market have low transaction rates. 
The Bitcoin network processes less than a hundred payments per second, and Ethereum - about 200.
Compared to leading payment systems such as VISA, MC or Swift that process more than twenty thousand operations per second, this is really very little. 
The Continental ecosystem will create huge competition for existing payment systems and blockchains, since it is capable of processing more than 100,000 thousand transactions per second under heavy load.

The uniqueness of the Continental ecosystem
The uniqueness is that you can almost instantly make changes to the seamless SPV block chain without confirming the entire network, and other blockchains like Ethereum 
have many disadvantages, due to the use of the Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm the transfer of funds consists of two different transactions. 
Money is withdrawn from one account and transferred to another. 
This is inconvenient and transactions are extremely slow and costly.
Continental (CTL) seeks to ensure that major financial companies around the world work with CTL coins as with a regular currency. 
The huge potential of this cryptocurrency is also obvious in countries where banking structures are underdeveloped.

Other Blockchains are complex and slow.
Developers and users struggling to gain direct access to blockchains without intermediaries, giving up the whole purpose of blockchain in the first place.
Blockchain Continental has a fixed size of 88 KB. Developers and users can directly and quickly access and verify the CTL, 
what makes Continental the safest and most reliable blockchain in the world.

Blockchains do not interact with the Internet.
It means that information from the real world is not available to blockchain applications, which limits their scope and usefulness.

Continental interacts with any website confidentially.
Anyone can use real-world data in computing and decision-making to change the way we live and work – without compromising privacy.

Strong players demand user data.
Users have no control and no alternative to transferring their data in exchange for participation in the modern world.

Continental allows users to control their data.
Users can prove facts about their data without disclosing details even to those counterparties who request them.

Blockchain Continental

The world's simplest and most reliable member-driven blockchain.
The size of the entire chain is and will always be around 88 KB – even when scaled up.
Each user is a full node and can connect to a peer node.
Anyone can take part in the consensus.
It’s truly decentralized, secure and reliable, has no intermediaries.

Personal individual Internet gateway
The user can access any website or service on the Internet in a private and individual way without creating an account, 
registering and transferring their personal data. Instead, they log in securely with a CTL unit. 
No centralized service provider can block them. And developers from different networks can integrate this private and secure access into their services.

Continental is a blockchain with Proof of Ownership, built on top of crypto, 
which allows derivatives to be traded on a decentralized network with experience comparable to centralized exchanges.

Using blockchain optimized for efficient trading with capital, alongside Ethereum and other general purpose chains, 
Continental can fairly handle and manage risk on millions of trades per minute settled with assets such as Ether, BTC and standard tokens USDT, USDS, ERC20. 
Commissions are only charged on trades and you can submit, cancel and modify limit orders.
