Continental Mobile
As a blockchain operating system is the Leading Bridge for billions of people into the real world of cryptocurrencies.

Continental mobile is a blockchain operating system that contains a storage layer, a smart contract layer, 
a CTL\Defi\NFTT protocol layer and eApp 2.0 layer, which are described in more detail below:

Storage level: CTL layer
Storage protocol supports distributed data storage dApp. Currently the Protocols IPSFii, ARII and CRYTR are supported.

Defi protocol layer:
Supports various basic Defi protocols such as Swap, Lending, Insurance and provides a platform on which developers can create their own Defi protocols. 
In a huge and also simple Continental mobile network it also provides a drag and drop smart contract compiler that is easy to use, 
error free and seamless, it can be compiled into CTL Protocol and WASM.

Smart contract layer:
Supports universal cross-chain rolling and challenges of CTL\dApp - 2.0. 
Provides APYi interface compatible with Web8 and existing web8 dApps can be transported to Continental Mobile without any changes.

EApp 2.0 layer
Supports dApp to eApp 2.0 migration (external application). 
Developers can easily build and roll out their eApps on a huge Continental mobile worldwide platform without a need for machines, domain names or network bandwidth.

Undeveloped multi-trillion market for real assets (RWA)
Now enters into Blockchain decentralized finance via Continental Mobile: the first perfect and very simple protocol connecting all major blockchains with the real world. 
Businesses today use CTL coin to access liquidity offered by Continental/DeFi/NFT/Smart ETH and BTC, while investors fund assets for attractive and stable returns.

Key points.
Continental technology
Continental technology entered a new growth category for the aggregate locked-in value (CTL\TVL): real assets (RWA) TVL. 
Once tokenized, real assets such as invoices, real estate, royalties, stocks, art and other assets can bring trillions of new assets to the Continental ecosystem. 
Continental tokenizes real assets by converting them into CTL coins on the Continental chain. 
RWA TVL measures the active value of assets in the real world used for financing Continental.

Turning Point at Continental
Turning Point at Continental has the highest TVL in Blockchain Ecosystem and will be one of the first to launch CTL coin on a super fast and light blockchain Continental. 
The CTL chain is built on a progressive and innovative blockchain of access to the highest speed and free transaction fees, while its funding Dapp, Tinlake built to access huge liquidity on Continental. 
The own CTL token has its own bridge to a huge number of different blockchains like Etherium/Bitcoin/Polkadot/Cardano/Tron/USDT – Blockch.

Integrated with industry leaders Blockchain - Continental
CTL/DeFi/BTC/ETH/NFT/XRP/BNB/ADA provides the world's first real assets to support DOI Maket/World Economy and is working on the first real asset market on MC/Aave.
Direct integration with other Blackchain/ NFT/DeFi protocols allows the users of Continental get instant liquidity and makes CTL protocols safer from destabilizing events by adding uncorrelated collateral.

Continental Tokenization
Continental seamless transaction tokenization is a technology that helps secure mobile payments. 
Most contactless payments, including mobile (ApplePay, SamsungPay) imply the transfer of data about the card, in particular, its number. 
At the time of payment, the electronic device may be compromised (for example, the transmitted information will be read by a phisher located in the immediate vicinity of the card or smartphone).

Continental tokenization technology allows you to replace the real customer card number with a unique generated code – a CTL token (or "CTL $") to be used only for a specific purchase. 
The phisher will not be able to repeatedly use the information received, since the real card number is not transmitted explicitly, but the CTL token has already been used. 
A new token will be issued for the next purchase.

In fact, the Continental application initiates the issuance of the token, it stores the original card data (services such as Continental Blockchain/Continental Mobile). 
A similar scheme is implemented by the online service of secure Internet payments MasterPass from MasterCard (the data of the card itself is not transferred to the online store).

At the moment, payment systems all over the world would like to implement tokenization technology. 
The general payment system “World” plans to introduce the technology as early as in 2023.
