Pay for purchases contactlessly, quickly and securely. Choose your suitable solution with the ContinentalTM card.

Virtual and physical cards
The Continental Eco System issues a virtual card with digital payment and NFC support instantly for your user while he waits for the physical card with the logo to arrive by mail. 
Everything is covered with a few lines of code.

Programmable settings
Issue cards with a full set of controls, such as allowing external transactions, card blocking, re-issuing lost cards, MCC restrictions, PIN control and more. 
Configure what you want your users to have access on-demand.

KYC requirement readiness
Continental system handles all KYC requirements and identity checks for each region that are associated with you with a single API call. 
Customers can use our licenses and/or banking partners to get all the access they need to run.

Real time access
Take full control of your Continental transactions presented with our real-time authorization solution. 
Create logic to approve/reject scenarios of your choice with full control over card transactions and authorization flows, allowing you to make real-time decisions on each charge.

Contactless payment technology
Shop with Continental® contactless technology. All bank cards are stored on your device. 
Payment takes place instantly due to the technology of seamless circuit modeling SPV and super simple and super fast synchronized Blockchain CTL.

SPV circuit simulation technology
To reach a new level of compatibility Continental created a built-in SPV Chain Modeling Technology to enable seamless cross-chain communication and 
trustless two-way binding between different blockchains and Turing incomplete blockchains.

Developers of different blockchains can simply replicate existing dApps and deploy replication to Continental using Continental mobile wallet or other storage methods, MetaMask, Truffle, Remix, Trust and other familiar development tools.

Continental Developer Incentive Program creates streams of passive income for contract developers. 
By reconfiguring the gas distribution model to direct payment for gas to both network maintenance personnel and developers of decentralized applications, 
Continental will ultimately help strengthen the Continental ecosystem and other interoperable blockchain systems in general.

Continental Card designed to withstand changing business and developer preferences. 
Upgradeable contracts allow developers and businesses to improve their applications over time; 
Stable/commission-free transactions ensure that applications will work even with sudden surges in network activity; 
WebAssembly support ensures that non-cryptocurrency developers can quickly connect to it; 
On-chain governance mechanisms provide governance based on network contribution and reputation.
